This is a closed college project, no further updates shall be made unless otherwise by the group members as the course for this project has ended. A work in progress web application that is planned to search for a Marvel character's appearance in a specific year inputted by the user. The results should be that it'll show all of that character's appearances and what comic they appeared in. This application should in the future be able to allow the user to either purchase the comic, should they want to. It should also allow the user to also have the ability to go into a chat forum, allowing the user to interact and talk with other fellow fans. The web application will allow the user to register an account, which will be secure.

<h1> Requirements </h1>
To get started, first things first. Users should pip install -r requirements.txt. It should install all dependencies required. You also need to install MySQL otherwies you'll get a database error, it can be installed here https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/installer/

<h2> Download MySQL </h2>
Before doing anything else you also need to download the database so you can just source it in command prompt, shell, terminal. You need to create a root user password, make it anything you can remember. You should also create a user with database admin privileges. But the user should be named marvel and the password has to be spiderman. Once you finished installing MySQL, you'll need to download this file: Marvel_SQL_Dump.sql. <br><br>
You need the database to run, once you've downloaded that you go to command prompt. Enter into a virtual environment using the project and back out into the location that has MySQL. Once you've entered that folder you need to type in mysql -u root -p, which will ask for your password you made. Once you've successfully logged in type in source C:\location\of\your\Marvel_SQL_Dump.sql. This will create that database into your server. This should now allow you to run manage.py <br> <br>

To run the manage.py, type in python manage.py runserver, it should run the server and give the developement server https for you to copy and paste into your web browser to check the available pages.
